= paperclip_cloudfiles

Enables CloudFiles storage for Paperclip. Also provides a simple mechanism
for defining default settings for Paperclip attachments. Be warned that this
project is largely untested. It has worked for me in a limited number of
specific cases, but as experience shows, this is no guarantee of general
soundness. You've been warned.


== Installation

  sudo gem install erikhansson-paperclip_cloudfiles
  
  
== Setup

environment.rb

  config.gem 'erikhansson-paperclip_cloudfiles', :lib => 'paperclip_cloudfiles', :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
  
production.rb (or some other source of configuration)

  Paperclip::WithDefault.use_cloudfiles_options :cloudfiles => {
    :credentials => {
        :username => 'username',
        :api_key => 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvxyz1234567'
      },
    :container => 'container_name',
    :base_url => 'http://xxxxyyyy.cdn.cloudfiles.rackspacecloud.com'
  }
  
  
== Usage

  class Model < ActiveRecord::Base
  
    has_attached_file_with_defaults :image, :styles => { :display => "675>" }
    
  end
  
  
== What's going on?

has_attached_file_with_defaults simply calls the familiar Paperclip
has_attached_file method with a set of default options, found in
Paperclip::WithDefault.options.

Paperclip::WithDefault.use_cloudfiles_options, sets this default
options hash to some convenient default settings for CloudFiles. You
can also set it directly using Paperclip::WithDefault.options=

You can also set different default settings for the test and development
environments. In fact, the test environment automagically gets new 
default settings { :url => '/system_test/:attachment/:id/:style/:filename' }
to keep files uploaded during tests to comingle with actual uploaded files.

  
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Erik Hansson. See LICENSE for details.
